He was rather disgusted and discouraged at the view his colleagues of the cabinet and his friends took of France's attitude at the Congress.
He was very anxious about the state of affairs in France--said Bismarck was very worried at the great step the Radicals had made in the new Parliament--was afraid the Moderate men would have no show.
He was a personal friend of the marshal's, remained at Vienna during the marshal's presidency, but left with him, much to W.'s regret, who knew what good service he had done at Vienna and what a difficult post that would be for an improvised diplomatist.
He was educated in England--
He found her quite charming, very easy, interested in everything.
W. thought I ought to have one, so every Friday I was at home from three until six, and very long afternoons they were.
No telegrams had come, but Kruft, our faithful and efficient chef du matériel, was waiting for me for last instructions about a Christmas tree.
With that exception I never saw nor talked with any member of that family until I had been some years a widow, when the Empress Eugénie received me on her yacht at Cowes.
- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of receipt of the work.
Hatzfeldt sat down and played a few bars in rather a halting fashion.
and then there would be a very lively debate in the Parliament.
It didn't feel as if a fire could make any impression.
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
We were quite seven or eight minutes late and found all the company assembled (except the Annamites, who were waiting with their interpreter in another room to make their entry in proper style).
Comédie Française, finished style of artists of the Compiègne, a scene at, during the Empire Conciergerie Mr. Gladstone at the interest of American visitors in the Conservatoire, Sunday afternoon concerts at the marriages made at the change effected in dress of chorus of the Monsignor Czascki at the Convent of the Soeurs Augustines in the rue de la Santé Corti Italian plenipotentiary to Congress of Berlin feeling of, over establishment of Tunisian protectorate by France Costumes, national, seen in Paris during exposition year Country people lack of interest of French, in form of government attitude of, in election of 1877 enthusiasm of, aroused over
One of the most interesting things I saw in 1873, just before my marriage, was the court-martial of Marshal Bazaine for treachery at Metz--giving up his army and the city without any attempt to break through the enemy's lines, or in fact any resistance of any kind.
He thought his ministry was strong and was confident he would manage the Chamber.
I have friends who never take their horses to the country.
The duke said would I come, Her Majesty was ready to receive me.
Cabs and river steamers did a flourishing business, as did all the restaurants and cafés in the suburbs.
I was rather interested in them, thought it would be amusing to drive a long-tailed Arab pony in a little cart in the morning.
The great enclosure was packed with people.
I was astonished the first years of my married life in France, to see people of certain position and standing give the cold shoulder to men they had known all their lives because they were Republicans, knowing them quite well to be honourable, independent gentlemen, wanting nothing from the Republic--merely trying to do their best for the country.
Thiers was wonderful; he was a very old man when I knew him, but his eyes were very bright and keen, his voice strong, and he would talk all the evening without any appearance of fatigue.
W. said he didn't understand why he made a scene, as he had refused it. "
tm electronic works.
W., though a very considerate man for his servants generally, never worried at all about keeping his coachmen and horses waiting.
The vicious attacks upon persons were so trying those first days of the Republic.
There were four Protestants in the ministry, W., Léon Say, de Freycinet, and Le Royer.
The talk was entirely "shop" at breakfast, every man telling what he had killed, or missed, and the minute they had finished breakfast, they started off again.
The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous locations.
He and W. used to plunge into very long, learned discussions over antiquities and medals.
It was an insane policy on the part of the two last, as they knew perfectly well they wouldn't gain anything by upsetting the actual cabinet.
One day I had several ladies whom I didn't know at all, wives of deputies, or small functionaries at some of the ministries.
It was interesting to see the attitude of the different diplomatists.
I hadn't been there in the daytime for years
They hadn't got any further than a grand patriotic demonstration, with the military, drums beating, flags flying, and the Marseillaise being howled by an excited crowd.
She didn't say anything.
We were shown into a pretty drawing-room, opening on a garden, where the princess was waiting, standing at one end of the room.
You must require such a user to return or destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
There was not much excitement, two or three names were pronounced, but every one felt sure that Grévy would be the man.
W. said the heat was awful, but the evening interesting.
After the painting by F.E. Laszlo.]
They invaded charmed circles, walked boldly up to archdukes and duchesses, talking to them cheerfully and easily without waiting to be spoken to, giving them a great deal of information upon all subjects, Austrian as well as American, and probably interested the very stiff Austrian royalties much more than the ordinary trained diplomatist, who would naturally be more correct in his attitude and conversation.
On one occasion we had a banquet on the 2d of December.
We never knew who he was.
LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3,
The season in the official world begins with a reception at the President's on New Year's day.
the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees.
Republicans, proposed uprising of (1877); work of, in election of 1877; victory of.