M. and Mme.
It was a little difficult to arrange who he should play with.
W. had the highest opinion of her business capacity--said she knew the exact market value of everything on the place--from an old tree that must be cut down for timber to the cheeses the farmer's wife made and sold at the Soissons market.
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United States.
There are eight massive round towers connected by a courtine (little green path) that runs along the top of the ramparts.
The roads were rather slippery, and the forest black and weird.
It was always curiously lonely--we rarely met anything or anyone, occasionally a group of wood-cutters or boys exercising dogs and horses from the hunting-stables of Villers-Cotterets.
They are all big men, and their belts and gun-barrels bright and shining.
That, of course, delighted them and they marched off to the strains of their favourite tune.
They are usually so very shy and self-conscious.
In a few minutes she appeared attired in a short, rusty-black skirt, sabots on her feet, and a black woollen shawl over her head and shoulders.
Another child, a girl, some two years younger, was lying beside him, both of them frightfully thin and white; one saw nothing but great dark eyes in their faces.
The man's face quite lighted up as he looked at the picture, and he answered: "Non, Monsieur, je ne l'ai jamais vu--mais il est crâne celui-là," and that was all that he could ever get out of him--"il est crâne.
At the top of the stairs there is a grand picture of the horse who discovered the Bagnoles waters, a beautiful white beast standing in a spring, all water lilies and sparkling water.
Sometimes through pretty narrow roads with high banks on each side, with hedges on top, quite like parts of Devonshire, and nice, little, low, whitewashed cottages with green shutters and red doors, much more like England than France.
What is very serious now is the open warfare between the curé and the school-master.
They were principally translations, English and American--Walter Scott, Marryat, Fenimore Cooper, etc.
However, on the whole, W. said, the Germans, as a victorious invading army, behaved well, the officers always perfectly polite, and keeping their men in good order.
They had not hunted for some days, and dogs and horses were unruly.
They become bent and wrinkled very soon--old women before their time--having worked always in the fields and carried heavy burdens on their backs.
I didn't want the children's only idea of Christmas to be cakes and toys; and that was rather difficult to arrange, as the situation is so strained between the clergy and the laïques, particularly the curé and the school-master.
We saw Dickens' study, his table still in the window (where he always wrote), looking over the garden to an endless stretch of green fields.
It was hardly a château--half manor, half farm.
ait plus de Français.
The children, Francis and Alice, were having a fine time in the stable-yard, where the men had made them two snow figures--man and woman (giants)--and they were pelting them with snowballs and tumbling headlong into the heaps of snow on each side of the gate, where a passage had been cleared for the horses.
Our guide, a very talkative person--unlike the generality of Norman peasants, who are usually taciturn--was very anxious to show us each column in detail and explain all the really beautiful carving, but we were rather hurried as some of the party were going to lunch at Barbieville--Comte Foy's château.
de Staël, d'Haussonvìlle, Guizot, were most interesting and recherchés, very exclusive and very serious, but a centre for all political and literary talk.
* * * * We had quite an excitement one day at the château.
Baby did the same, and got a nasty fall on the stone flags, so I asked W. if he would ask Ferdinand to put a strip of carpet on the steps (there were only four).
All the children in our village pull up their little frocks and show me their crochet petticoats whenever we meet them.
de Staël, Lamartine, etc., and sometimes rather light memoirs of the Régence and the light ladies of the eighteenth century, who apparently mixed up politics, religion, literature, and lovers in the most simple style.
He told me it was awful--there was no service--the curé would not bury him as he had never been baptized.
I never dared ask where the various men dressed who came to dinner.
She seemed quite pleased to see us--was not at all put out at being caught in such very simple attire--begged us to come in and ushered us through a long, narrow hall and several cold, comfortless rooms, the shutters not open and no fire anywhere, into her bedroom.
August was a disagreeable month there--the woods were full of horse-flies which made riding impossible.
However we reassured him, and all walked up the hill together, the donkey pulling the sled, which was tied to him with a very primitive arrangement of ropes, the sled constantly swinging round and hitting him on the legs, which he naturally resented and kicked viciously.
There will be all sorts of complications and bitter feeling, and I don't quite see what benefit the country at large will get from the present state of things.
The shops on the quay are an unfailing source of interest to me.
**