Caecina mocked at Valens for his dirty and dishonest ways:[282]
[80]
The tribunes and centurions and the common soldiers were attracted, each according to his character, either by Titus' meritorious industry or by his gay indulgence in pleasure.
It is to him that Rome's attention turns, while you, Sire, careless who is friend or foe, cherish in your bosom a rival, who sits feasting at his table and watches his emperor in pain.
But the heaviest burden was the raising of money. '
When all fear of violence was at an end, Domitian came out[227] and presented himself to the generals of his party.
All night the battle raged with varying fortune, never decided, always savagely contested.
The Vitellians provided mantlets, fascines, and penthouses,[258] to protect the assailants while undermining the walls: the Othonians procured stakes and huge masses of stone or lead or brass, to break through the enemy's formation and crush them to pieces.
[335] From this phrase it is not clear whether the actual news of his suicide had arrived.
When the news of this reached Rome, Marcus Aponius, the governor of Moesia, was granted a triumphal statue,[177] while the commanding officers of the legions, Fulvius Aurelius, Tettius Julianus, and Numisius Lupus, received the insignia of consular rank.
Vitellius, however, lost no time in surrendering himself and his Guards to the conqueror's discretion, and the men flung away their unlucky swords more in anger than in fear.
The sole cause was your excessive loyalty, which you displayed with more ardour than judgement.
70.
He is one of the characters in the _Dialogue on Oratory_, and many passages show that Tacitus admired him greatly, both for his character and his eloquence.
A cloud of 56 ill-omened birds[152] flew over his head and its density obscured the daylight.
Coming to the Aedui,[128] they in vain sought an excuse for fighting.
Galba spoke these words and more to the same effect in the tone of one creating an emperor: the rest addressed Piso as though he were emperor already.
[96] See chap.
He knew that serious charges had been made against him, and his smiling congratulations hid an anxious heart.
[135] Apparently soldiers' slang.
Fabius Valens was to lure the Gauls to his standard, or, if they refused, to devastate their country, and then invade Italy by way of the Cottian Alps.[120] Caecina was to follow the shorter route and descend into Italy over the Pennine Pass.[121]
He 5 headed the column, chose the camping-ground, never ceasing by night or day to use strategy, and, if need be, the sword to thwart the enemy.
In the senate the distinctions devised during the long reigns of other emperors were all conferred on Vitellius at once.[338]
[242] A triumph could, of course, be held only for victories over a foreign enemy.
Cp.
The others poured through, while the Vitellians in panic flung themselves down from the rampart, and the whole space between the camp and the walls became a seething scene of carnage.
The losing party being thus dispersed by peaceful means, disorder
Though not indifferent to fame, he did not court it by advertisement.
Following an ancient custom, the tribe of the Lingones had made a 54 present of a pair of silver hands[102] to the legions as a symbol of hospitality.
chap.
i. 36 note 61.
See i. 54.
Besides, if need be, we shall have the same chance of leaving the palace later: if we leave and repent of it, it will not be in our power to return.'
People began to feel pity, not perhaps so much for Vitellius as for the throne and its misfortunes.