The road along whose winding course I have been making a delightful pilgrimage to-day has the double charm of natural beauty and of human association; it is old, as age is reckoned in this new world; it has grown hard under the tread of sleeping generations, and the great figures of history have passed over it in their journeys between the two great cities which mark its limits.
Every new highway has been a new bond between Nature and men, a new evidence of that indissoluble fellowship into which they are forever united.
Who shall describe that wild, strange music of the hermit-thrush?
ALONG THE ROAD--II V. THE OPEN FIELDS VI.
III
On the other hand, when one lounges by the hour in the depths of the forest, or sits, book in hand, under the knotted and familiar apple tree, on a summer afternoon, the faculty of observation is lulled into a dreamless sleep; one ceases to be far enough away from Nature to observe her; one becomes part of the great, silent movements in the midst of which he sits, mute and motionless, while the hours slip by with the peace of eternity already upon them.
My dear, next week is the earliest possible time for our going."
The guess of a great poetic mind has as solid ground under it as the speculation of a scientist; it differs from the scientific theory only in that it is an induction from a greater number of significant facts.
Meanwhile it has made the earth hospitable for us and taught men how to live above the brutes."
It is among the rich and varied low colours of this season, in wood and field, that a true lover of nature detects some of her rarest touches of loveliness; the low western sun, falling athwart the bare boughs and striking a kind of subdued bloom into the brown hill-tops and across the furze and heather, sometimes reveals a hidden charm in the landscape which one seeks in vain when skies are softer and the green roof has been stretched over the woodland ways.
The highway itself stands as a memorial of the most venerable customs and the most ancient races.
Sometimes, as I have come this way after nightfall, I have heard its call across the invisible fields, and in the sound I have heard I know not what of deep and joyous mystery; the long-past and the far-off future whispering together, under cover of the night, of those things which the stars remember from their youth, and to which they look forward in some remote cycle of their Shining.
A SUMMER NOON XVIII.
The next morning a faint perfume stole into my room.
In castle and palace, the wealth and splendour of life--everything that gives it grace and beauty to the eye--are treasured within massive walls and protected from the common gaze and touch.
The bursting of the calyx announces the flower; but the beauty of the perfect blossoming obliterated the very memory of its earlier growth.
The whir of the locust high overhead, by some earlier association, always recalls that matchless singer, some of whose notes Nature has never regained in all these later years.
Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg: 1.E.1.
The people who really know me and love me seek me oftener at other seasons, when I am more at leisure, and can bid them to a more intimate companionship.
, we recalled to the lonely rooms the old associations, and we quietly took up the cares and burdens we had dropped.
But no cup of man's making will ever hold all that fountain has to give, and to those who are really athirst these golden and beautifully wrought vessels are insufficient; they must drink of the living stream.
I am sure, too, that some great movement of life is about to display itself before me.
An interruption diverts the current, cuts the golden thread, breaks the exquisite harmony.
That which was fixed, stable, cast in permanent forms forever, was suddenly annihilated by a revelation which spoke to the heart rather than the intellect, and laid bare at a glance the unseen spiritual foundations upon which all things rest at last.
Such days belong to the mountains; and when I opened my window on this morning, I was in no doubt as to the invitation held forth by earth and sky.
the "Odyssey" in every collection of modern books for the tonic quality that is in it.
Rosalind was sooner at home in this noble company than
Our chief thought was of the principle of selection, long sought after by lovers of books but never yet found, which we were certain would be easily discovered when we came to look along the shelves of the libraries in Arden.
In a world in which all hearts beat true, and all hands were helpful, there would be no real hardship in Nature.
Here oftenest come the restless feet of children, and their shouts are almost the only sounds that ever break this solitude.
It has been called an epical river because of the varied and sustained beauty through which it sweeps from its mountain sources to the sea;
he knows not whence, he opens his eyes upon a world which is as new to him as is the virgin continent to the first discoverer.
I am not discouraged; sooner or later that multitudinous rustle of the wild woods will break into clear-voiced speech.
The light fell soft and dim through the thickly woven branches and among the densely clustered trunks; underneath, the deep masses of pine needles and the rich moss spread a carpet on which the heaviest footfall left the silence unbroken.
Here one feels anew the eternal friendship between childhood and Nature, and remembers that they only can abide in that fellowship who carry into riper years the self-forgetfulness, the sweet unconsciousness, the open mind and heart of a child.
Hour after hour the white sails fly in mysterious and changing lines, messengers of wealth and trade and pleasure, whose voyages are no sooner ended than they begin again.
Why should one linger before the picturesque landscape which art has imperfectly transferred to canvas when the scene, with all its elusive play of light and shade, lies outspread before him?
On that fair morning the magical beauty of the world possessed us, and our talk, blending unconsciously with the music of the invisible choir, was broken by long pauses.
"It will be so much more delightful than before," suggested Rosalind, "because nobody will stare at us, and we shall have the whole world to ourselves."