As His presence up yonder and His service for us is a reality to our hearts through the power of the Holy Spirit, we shall walk worthy of the Lord, and His blessed work for us will constantly be felt in our lives here on earth.
The coming of the King will bring that deliverance.
And why that agony in the garden?
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so
All this criticism of the Bible, the new theology, a more liberal religion, but all aiming at the essential Deity of our blessed Lord, His incarnation and resurrection from the dead, is the leaven of Unitarianism.
His Present Work........
Made Sin for Us.
Let us exalt in our lives, by our words and deeds, the cross of Christ.
All His enemies are made His footstool.
What a happy, glorious day that will be!
He begins to deal with the world in a series of judgments.
Righteousness and peace will characterize that world-wide Kingdom of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
He arose with the body He had taken on in incarnation, the body which could not see corruption.
He is the upholder of all and all things consist by Him.
He appeared and manifested Himself as "The captain over the Lord's hosts.
Literary Archive Foundation Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest array of equipment including outdated equipment.
But what has been accomplished in this blessed work?
Groaning creation is to be delivered.
Behold, He cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see Him, and they also which pierced Him, and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of Him.
He appeared in that body in the midst of His disciples and showed unto them His hands and His side.
Ask of Me, and I shall give Thee the nations for Thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for Thy possession" (Ps. ii:6-8).
We do not know what changes go on there.
vi:12, 13).
He intercedes; we can intercede.
But this universe rests in the hands of the Man in Glory.
They are the last messengers of the King.
the Fathers by the Prophets, hath in these last days spoken unto us by His Son" (Hebrews i:1).
He, too, like the holy God, hated and hates sin.
It can never be unmade.
Then the great vision of Isaiah will find its fulfillment. "
And to this we might also add the relation of His work to creation itself, the nations of the earth, and to Satan and his rule.
Of this double company, saints who died and who will be raised from the dead, and saints who live and will be changed in a moment and caught up to meet Him, we find a hint in His words in John xi:25-26.
And to this we might add how men in their experiences, like Isaac, Joseph, David and others foreshadowed the sufferings of Christ and the glory that should follow.
We cannot examine all those judgments separately.
This mighty power of God, which brought Him forth is the power which is towards us who believe.
Why should we worry or be anxious?
He shall bring forth judgment to the Gentiles"
And though Peter denied the Lord and fell, the Lord's gracious intercession kept him through it all.
He is still attended by angels, and the angelic hosts beheld Him, who were also the witnesses of His sufferings, His death and resurrection.
We behold the holiness of God in that holy life, which was lived on earth to glorify the Father.
This is very true indeed.