But the sufferings of our adorable Lord are not so much before us in this Psalm as the fact of His resurrection.
What a Lord He is!
All Hail"--literally
xxii:61).
But is it really so--all the vain things that charm us most--we'd sacrifice them to His blood?
But we read also that His feet were set upon a rock. "
_
He only could do it.
Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so
It is applied to Him after His resurrection from the dead.
"_Thou_ hast laid me in the lowest pit."
And after all these manifestations, seven hundred years after Isaiah had announced Him, as the Wonderful, He appeared in human form in the midst of His people.
It is His Love which will make us sharers of His own Glory and Inheritance.
What heights of glory they promise to us, who were bought by His own precious blood!
If ye be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye; for the Spirit of glory and of God resteth upon you; on their part He is evil spoken of, but on your part He is glorified."
And anon He sweetly tells me I shall soon be satisfied.
He might have saved Himself but He would not.
"The blood of Jesus Christ
Their careful and refreshing power is undiminished.
It is the revealed truth concerning the person of our Lord Jesus Christ, that He is the Son of God, whom the Father sent into the world. "
xv:57; we overcome by Him the world, 1 Jno.
By Him the worlds were made.
Precious Word!
We are "partakers of the Glory that shall be revealed"
Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
A _great_ congregation is mentioned; there too His praises will be heard.
And thus He suffered and died for us.
The beginning of the chapter gives us that solid assurance that God has spoken and that the Old Testament is His Word. "
As He was yesterday with His own and kept them, carried them, was their strength, their help, their refuge and their safe hiding place, their peace and their comfort, so is He to-day, so will He be forever.
He is the angel of His Presence who saved them (Isaiah lxiii:9) and Exodus xxxiii:14 must refer to this Being "My presence shall go with thee and I will give thee rest."
If you are saved by Grace, one with the Lord, then all this is yours.
Enter thou into the joy of _Thy_ Lord."
We are convinced that _only_ the Person of Christ put before the heart of the believer through the Word of God and the power of His Spirit can keep the Christian in these awful days of apostasy from going along with the fearful current of the last days.
He fulfilled the eternal will of God, by which will we have been sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.
Love in its divine perfection shone out of the eyes of the Son of God.
We all had our first love; when first we saw Him with the eyes of faith, how our hearts were enraptured.
it is written "
Peter's preaching in the opening chapters of the Acts might have been called monotonous, for he knew but one theme.
"They parted my garments among them, and cast lots upon my vesture."
And now we know by divine Revelation in the completed Word of God that He is wonderful in His Person and in his work; but no mind can fathom