He will present the church to Himself, "a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it should be holy and without blemish" (Eph. v:27).
Blessed table, where the Lord Sets for us
He offered all to the Son of Man, if He but would fall down before him.
To them will be given the last evangel of God's mercy to a lost world.
"And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over everything that moveth upon the earth."
The feast of Pentecost had after it this long period before the trumpet was blown for another solemn feast.
The other believers who were truly saved, and also indwelt by the Holy Spirit, but less faithful, will see no resurrection till the great White Throne is set up.
In such matters it behooves
It is then that we have the redemption of the purchased possession completed.
He_ who appears in the presence of God will be the _same_ who comes back to the earth.
Yet in as much as the Lord finds converted nations on the earth when He comes back and receives His throne, these nations must have been converted previous to His coming.
And now before we follow the different stages of this important parable
1 Peter ii:19....
Look at that great model servant, the Apostle Paul.
These suffering tribulation Saints will receive the Kingdom on earth (Dan.
xvi gives us the full description of that important day.
I am not going to enter into the different arguments which are advanced to support this view, but only wish to point out one fact, which is sufficient to disprove this theory.
Supposing the Lord came tonight to take His own out of the earth.
On the eternal star; Still working, suffering, loving, Still true and self-denied,
The true church will then no longer be on the earth.
"This people have I formed for myself, they shall show forth my praise."
THE REDEMPTION OF THE PURCHASED POSSESSION Ephes.
The judgment of the saints, by which their works and labors become manifest must take place.
Another important fact as to the tribulation period must be dealt with.
The church is only mentioned in the first three chapters.
What takes place then is revealed also by our Lord.
1.
This will not take place till the complete church, the Body and Bride of Christ, is taken up.
The parable, according to this interpretation, will be fulfilled in the future.
And when He gathers them, then will they joyfully praise Him as their Shepherd and know Jehovah-Roi.
, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased."
God executed his judgments in the past.
If a child of God lives a worldly, carnal life it is a denial of the power of the Gospel.
The question, "Who will be caught up into glory?" is answered elsewhere in these studies.
Superficial teachers of prophecy explain this as being the gathering together of Christian believers when the Lord comes at the close of the great tribulation.
The day on which the Holy Spirit was poured out marks the beginning of this church on earth.