Ah!
"It is neither madness nor superstition," replied Rusticiana quietly.
Between us yawns a wide abyss."
I know what a blessing rests upon the great and sacred law of inheritance; and the Amelungs are descended from the gods!"
But is it an angel of the Lord or a demon?
He had undertaken the momentous office of Prefect of Rome.
A prick with the lancet was the only answer.
Wherefore----"
"I know," said the King, smiling, "that it was repugnant to thy feelings to see the priests near my couch.
They acknowledged it; they obeyed me; and no Byzantine will ever touch Italian soil, until I call him, I--or you."
Silently his friends followed, and saw with astonishment, that, exactly in a line with the turfy ditch in which they had stood, there yawned a wide and open grave, from which the slab of stone had been rolled away.
I am the child of a mountain farmer, and far too uncultured.
But as long as Rome is in the power of the heretics, while the Bishop of Byzantium is supported by the only orthodox and legitimate Emperor----" "The Bishop of Rome cannot be the first Bishop of Christendom, nor the master of Italy; and therefore the Roman Apostolic See, even when occupied by a Silverius, cannot be what it ought to be--the highest.
"Davus, thou wicked dog!"
But all at once he abandoned his career.
Sire, set the man free!
Ha, curses, curses upon thee!"
All in vain!
In the largest of these two rooms--where, against the walls, hung a row of heavy keys belonging to the principal and side doors of this important gate, a curved signal-horn, and the spear of the gate-keeper--sat Isaac, the aged warder, a tall, bony figure, with the hooked nose and arched and bushy eyebrows of his nation.
It is sad that a man like you, so rich in intellect, should be so poor in heart.
But in the days of our story the place looked very different.
And wherefore?
And yet," continued Antonina, "even this, I fear, is a sin against Belisarius.
"I could not arrange our meeting in the church as usual, where, in the dark confessional, you look exactly like a priest.
"Why did you overstep the mountains which God set as an eternal boundary between your people and ours?" she asked. "
cried the Empress to the new-comer, who humbly bent before her.