Behold, I have taken out of thine hand the cup of reeling, even the bowl of the cup of My fury; thou shalt no more drink it again.
He sees an ephah going forth.
The house of Judah will be strengthened, and the house of Joseph (the ten tribes) will be saved.
The river ran through the city, surrounded by high walls, and in it were brass gates and steps leading to the river banks.
The nations at ease, prosperous and increased, and Jerusalem trodden down, the land waste and desolate, in the hands of the enemy, is the mark of this age up to its end.
If there is blindness in part upon Israel, it is equally true that blindness is upon the Gentiles.
If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees or charges.
This interpretation seems to fit in with a number of passages in the New Testament, the seven candlesticks in Revelation first chapter and the teaching of the New Testament about the Holy Spirit and His work.
_
Not a few interpreters have committed the serious error and have tried to find a fulfillment of these chapters somewhere, and if no historical events could be made to suit the occasion, a spiritual application had to be made and a spiritual fulfillment in the so-called "Israel of the New Testament," the church, invented, which of course never satisfies the prayerful student of the word.
Ye shall eat the wealth of the nations, and to their glory shall ye succeed" (Isa. lxi: 6).
It speaks of Him, the forsaken One, the Son of God, forsaken in the hour of His agony, the sword upon Him and against Him.
Who for the joy that was set before Him endured the cross, despising shame, and hath sat down at the right hand of the throne of God."
But why mourning and weeping?
For behold your house is left unto you desolate.
He does not belong to it, neither to the present Babylon as it exists in Christendom; nor will he see the future Babylon, for the Lord will then have gathered His saints.
Revel.
He was not accepted, but they rejected Him.
After the glory hath He sent Me to the nations which spoiled you: for he that toucheth you toucheth the apple of His eye.
And the wicked say, How is it that we did not get the better of this hair?
And in the last days mockers came with mockery, walking after their own lusts, saying, Where is the promise of His coming?
God looked down from heaven then, and His eyes beheld the sad picture of the desolate land, the unfinished temple and the disheartened and punished people.
The Prophet Daniel speaks likewise of this terrible man of sin, Antiochus Epiphanes (chap.
The number four, as it is well known to every student of the prophetic Word, is found twice in the book of Daniel.
Nevertheless, Josiah would not turn his face from him (the King of Egypt), but disguised himself, that he might fight with him, and hearkened not unto the words of Neco, from the mouth of God (these words are found in the twenty-first verse), and came to fight in the valley of Megiddon.
Those teachers of the Word who see in Zechariah's night visions nothing but fulfilled prophecy, cannot answer certain questions satisfactorily, and their only refuge must be a spiritualizing of this restoration.
and then shall appear the sign of the Son of Man in the heavens.
We read of these shepherds in Jeremiah ii: 8, priests, rulers, and prophets.
Cry yet again, saying,
It is of this gathering of the nations before Jerusalem in the tribulation the great, the twelfth chapter speaks.
Babylon was destroyed, but has a promise of restoration and return of her glory before her final and total destruction comes.
It is a time for you to dwell in your ceiled houses, while this house lieth waste_. Haggai, chapter 1.
Jehovah speaks, they are to return to Jehovah, and Jehovah will return to them.
She was called the city which had grievously sinned, like an unclean woman (Lament.
And I took to myself two staves; the one I called Beauty, the other I called Bands; and I fed the flock.
_
If you are outside the United States, check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project Gutenberg-tm work.
xxii: 8, 9.)
We can refer only to a few: "He will turn again and have compassion upon us; He will tread our iniquities under foot; and Thou wilt cast all their sins into the depths of the sea" (Micah vii: 19).
Sacrifices are brought again, but they are an abomination, and the Lord hates them.
How is this to be understood?
And his servants carried him in a chariot dead from Megiddon and brought him to Jerusalem.
Application can be made of this to believers now.
saith the Lord of hosts.