His great sin was that he had despised the oath and broken the covenant.
These men and women may well be termed the curse of Israel, because all they did was a curse to the people.
The Bedouins set up their tents in stone rings.
As silver is melted in the midst of the furnace, so shall ye be melted in the midst thereof; and ye shall know that I the Lord have poured out my fury upon you (verses 17-23).
He may have stood there with sneering lips, defying the Lord's mouthpiece, when sudden death was meted out to him.
Then follows the call to repentance. "
he hath done all these abominations; he shall surely die; his blood shall be upon him (verses 10-13).
This was three months before the war.
And this we learn from verse 26 is the character of the wicked prince of Israel of whom Ezekiel speaks.
Then will I make their waters deep, and cause their rivers to run like oil, saith the Lord God.
I will make thee perpetual desolations, and thy cities shall not return: and ye shall know that I am the Lord.
Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of the father, so also the soul of the son is mine: the soul that sinneth, it shall die (verses 1-4).
The second verse shows Jerusalem in the state of siege.
Their hearts and consciences are not touched.
The Son does not Die for his Father's Sins.
They are self-called and self-sent.
ii:34; vii:10-14).
_
Chapter xviii.
See Isaiah vi:13; x:22; Jere.
The explorations in Assyria have brought to light wall-sculptures in which such atrocities are depicted.
When our Lord comes again these judgments will fall.
From the Second Book of Kings we learn that Ahaz was the first king who committed this atrocity. "
This title is found exactly one hundred times in the book.
These seals are judgments.
But she was plucked up in fury, she was cast down to the ground, and the east wind dried up her fruit; her strong rods were broken and withered; the fire consumed them.
And the Angel took the censer, and filled it with fire of the altar, and cast it into the earth; and there were voices, and thunderings, and lightnings and an earthquake" (Rev. viii:3-5).
And the sons of the prophets said to Elisha after Elijah departed: "The Spirit of the Lord hath taken him up, and cast him upon some mountain, or into some valley" (2 Kings ii:16).
vi:8; Zech.
No judgment which came upon God's peculiar people ever made a complete end of the nation.
II.
The different dealings of the Lord with His people can be traced in this beautiful parable.
ii:1-4).
How great then the responsibility of those who are called as watchmen!
"None of his sins that he hath committed shall be mentioned unto him; he hath done that which is lawful and right; he shall surely live."
The men of the East were to conquer them and take them for a possession.
They shall gird themselves with sackcloth, And horror shall cover them; Shame shall be upon all faces, baldness upon all heads (verses 10-18).
And the false leader with his work corrupts the best, the holiest.