Email contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official page at http://pglaf.org For additional contact information:
t S. p. 746.
It was during the night that they usually held their most solemn and religious assemblies; for a practice which may be supposed to have arisen from their fears, seems to have been continued from the operation of other causes.
c 1.
This, indeed, was uttered by a certain truly divine spirit.
Chronic, an. 1.
{21} add, that they alone know how it is proper to live, and that if children are persuaded by them, they will be blessed, and also the family to which they belong.
The Third Book treated of the interpretation of the Scriptures, in which Porphyry condemned the mode of explaining them adopted by the commentators, and especially the allegories of Origen.
To men, however, who are persuaded that this is true, and who are conglutinated to body, it is not worth while to speak of things of this kind.
**** Epiphan.
*
But the other name of _
Those of the Jews are a gloomy ceremony, {58} fall of absurd enthusiasm, rueful, mean, and sordid."
Wherefore as in a tragedy
You will not wander from the right path, if you will be guided by him, who to the twentieth year of his age pursued that road, but has now worshiped the gods for near twelve years."
INTRODUCTION.
They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.
Ad Magnum Oratorem Romanum
Section 2.
The Egyptians worship various animals, and also symbolical representations, which are the work of man: the Jews acknowledge one God only, and him they adore in contemplation; condemning as impious idolaters all who, with perishable materials wrought into the human form, attempt to give a representation of the Deity.
Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.
Euseb.
[Illustration: Porphyry] This work of Porphyry consisted of Fifteen Books, and is unfortunately lost.
The Jew in Celsus also says, that "What is asserted by the Jewish prophets may be much more probably adapted to ten thousand other persons than to Jesus.
Vales, p. 197.
Hence Porphyry infers, "that the Apostles, and indeed the chief of them, did not publicly study the salvation of all men, but that each of them was privately attentive to his own renown.
According to others they were a colony from Egypt, when that country, during the reign of Isis, {53} overflowing with inhabitants poured forth its redundant numbers under the conduct of Hierosolymus and Juda.
**
lib.
O more stupid than even stones themselves!
"While such was the state of things in Ethiopia, the people of Jerusalem, having come down with the defiled of the Egyptians, treated the inhabitants in such an unholy manner, that those who witnessed {51} their impieties, believed that their joint sway was more execrable than that which the shepherds had formerly exercised.