We came home by the Porta Angelica and drove through the Square of St. Peter's.
It is very difficult to resist the children with their smiling faces and evident desire to amuse the "forestieri."
W. is quite happy, I thought I should never get him away.
I think he was a wise man and foresaw what was going to happen.
I wanted something smaller that I could put into my trunk.
They put off yesterday's excursion until to-day, as W. was very anxious to see Tivoli.
Cardinal Mathieu, the Austrian Ambassador to the Vatican and his wife, and other notabilities.
We made the regular Sunday turn in the afternoon--Villa Borghese and Pincio--sent the carriage away and walked home by the Villa Medici.
We went back to the Palazzo Altemps, picking up Count Palfy on the way, where Gert had promised us tea and hot cross buns from Spillman's (very good they were).
Some of the men had their breakfast out there.
I had Carlo Alessandri next to me, and we plunged into old times.
She was rather astounded I think at her reception--she hadn't been long in her exalted position.
He naturally was much interested in all the talk, and as almost all the men were, or had been ministers, their criticisms were most lively.
One lady appeared in a sort of loose, red gown (it seems red is the only colour Wagner admits), her hair, very pretty, blonde, hanging down her back, just tied with a ribbon--and carrying two partitions.
Sunday, March 6th.
All the people bowed and looked so pleased to see her, and her bow and smile of acknowledgment were charming.
He lingered talking in the smoking-room with two Englishmen who have just arrived from Brindisi, and were full of India and all "the muddles _our_ government is making," asking him if he wasn't disgusted as an Englishman at all the mistakes and stupidities they were making out there.
colle mani bianche"
Vera came to see us yesterday, and told me he was hailed by one of the coachmen from the top of his box, just as he was crossing the Piazza, who said to him: "Sai Maestro, una di quelle signorine King è tornata col marito?"
The Princess, his wife, stood near by looking very well, beautifully dressed, with diamonds and large pearl pendants.
I don't believe any of my boots will stand it; I shall have to get somewhere here a pair of thick-soled walking shoes.
After dinner she sat down at once (said she didn't usually mind standing, but the long days in the galleries tried her), made us all sit down, and for about half an hour she was most charming, talking about all sorts of things, and keeping the conversation general.
W. came home about 4, fussed a little over trunks and interviewed the porter about our tickets, places, etc., and then we started off for the Duomo.
We finished in the Galerie des Inscriptions where W. always finds odd bits of inscriptions which are wildly interesting to him.
I wonder what it means to them, and if they really believe that they are the steps from Jerusalem which our Saviour came down.
It was too early for the roses, of which there are thousands in the season--one saw the plants twining around all the trees.
I am sure the place is lovely on a bright summer day.
I hadn't gone very far when I met Comtesse Wimpffen alone in her carriage.
Charles de Bunsen was very glad to see it all again.
As it is a morganatic marriage (he is a Royal Prince)
The evening was short.
They played the "Marcia Reale," which I don't at all care for.
He told us the iron band inside was made out of a nail that had been taken from the Saviour's cross.
" It was all so simply said--so womanly.
I should have preferred almost the traditional wolf with the two little boys sucking in her milk.
Even at the last moment when they had got downstairs, the older man came back and begged me to come with them--"I assure you, my dear young lady, you don't know in what a dangerous position you are; if I had any authority over you I should insist, etc."
We used to hear them singing and whistling our songs when they went home.
When you hear the "Méditation de Thaïs" played at some ceremony, and you think what Thaïs was, it is out of the question to admit such music in a church--on the other hand the strict Gregorian chant is very severe, particularly sung without any organ.
We have heard people discussing us sometimes in English as we pass down the long dining-room to our table--"There goes Waddington, the late French Premier."
He told me the Princess was quite pleased when she heard W. was here, and hoped to see him often.
I want the one in a sort of light green dress blowing a trumpet.
It was rather a long affair, but at the end seemed satisfactory.
I don't remember that he ever occupied himself with my garments, but I am sure that he could have found anything that I asked for.
_
We had a most interesting afternoon.
If the carriage had been merely stopped to rob us it would have been very disagreeable as we had no means of defence, nothing but our parasols, and of course nobody near to come to our rescue.
He will come back to breakfast and we will have our afternoon at Monza.
He is quite charming; has very little voice, but says his things delightfully, accompanying himself with a light, soft touch.
We met very few vehicles of any description.
The ascent was very fatiguing, quite 500 steps, I should think, mostly inside the tower, with openings giving fine views over the city and Lombard plains.
His brogue, too, is attractive, sounds so out of place in that atmosphere of Latin and old-world tombs and inscriptions.
It is King Humbert's birthday and there is to be a great revue on the Piazza dell' Indipendenza.
There was not much to see close to the gare--but it was delightful to me to hear Italian again, and to see the idle, placid crowd standing about--nobody in a hurry apparently, and nobody jostling and pushing through, though there were trains starting or coming in all the time.