We had quite an animated discussion.
It was a "bolt from the blue" to us.
To G. K. S.
We assembled in the same room in the old Kremlin where the Imperial couple had dined this afternoon.
At Windsor two or three carriages and footmen were waiting, but no equerry as at Sandringham.
We sat late on deck.
There is always the same crowd hurrying and jostling each other.
_
The Late Earl of Derby#
It is delightful, Dear, to think that to-morrow at breakfast
He is a friend of the Empress and très bien vu à la cour.
After dinner we went down to the terrace and walked and sat about.
He told Adelaïde he could do everything for me except my hair, and tying my sash, which seemed to be a serious performance to him, and really all my dressing things were put out and a "saut de lit" disposed gracefully over the back of a chair just as A. always did.
I wonder if you have seen Pontécoulant.
He thought he could arrange it, so he went off to her rooms, and presently reappeared with the maid of honour, Mlle.
que travailler chez Madame et dans
He says they are Swedish boats, very clean, and very good food; also very few people at this time of the year.
After tea Falbe took me over to the stables, where there were plenty of horses, and also to the "vacherie," which was perfect.
We stayed, I should think, about half an hour at the tea-table, and then went back to the theatre.
The streets are most animated, full of people, all carrying parcels, and all with smiling faces.
To G. K. S.
W. has his audience from the Emperor at one o'clock to-morrow in uniform.
There are three or four English women and girls, governesses, the Captain tells me, going to Stockholm and Christiania.
Bells going all the time (and the Moscow bells have a deep, beautiful sound), music, the steady tramp of soldiers, and the curious, dull noise of a great crowd of people.
#London#, July 12, 1888.
We all came back here to tea and had various visitors to look at the dresses, including Baron Pawel-Rammingen, husband of Princess Frederica of Hanover, who also happened in and was much amused at finding such an étalage of trains--happily we have nothing this evening.
Schimmelpenninckg is most attractive.
[Illustration: The French Embassy, Albert Gate, London]
As soon as I was ready I went into the big carriage, which looked very nice and clean, had been swept and dusted, window-panes washed
If only the Park was a little bigger.
It sounds quite romantic having the son of the "Roi des Montagnes" to breakfast.
_always
I will finish this morning; it is still dark and rainy.
I sat between M. de Giers, Foreign Minister, and Count Worontzoff, Ministre de la Cour.
In one corner there is a group of little Russian horses tied to the stable doors, with Russian soldiers fussing over them.
To H. L. K.
They told us a steamer had started two or three hours earlier with tourists on board to see the midnight sun.
To H. L. K.
I _think
He noticed the children, said Francis was very like his father.
Vannutelli, and were to go to Countess Pahlen's reception afterwards.
I think the buffet at Bologna with its "fricandeau de veau" is one of my most interesting souvenirs of travel (not from an artistic point of view).
We have two hours to wait here, so I will scribble a line to you, which will help to pass the time.
I found three or four handsome bouquets in the cabin--one from him, and one from M. Lomatch, the proprietor of our hotel.
Sesmaisons and Corcelle have just been in with their maps and Napoleon's Memoirs.
Sesmaisons and Calmon fussing over their saddles, which they apparently had got without much difficulty--quantities of Russian helpers working, talking, but _not_ loud, nor yelling to each other.
Everyone made way for the carriage, though, of course, the general traffic was stopped, and everybody (including our own secretaries, who weren't invited to the Palace, merely the "chefs de mission") in the middle of the streets, looking at the illuminations.
Then came Lord Methuen--Lord in waiting--and we went at once in to luncheon.
There were splendid turkeys, enormous; and curiously enough they told us many of them came from France, from a well-known turkey farm in the Loiret.
We arrived in due time, I rather protesting.
I have been driving about shivering in the open carriage and my seal-skin felt like a foulard.
she had said how much she regretted not seeing him, that she had always watched his career with great interest, and was very glad to see him coming to the front again.
One of the most striking uniforms was the Prince of Montenegro's, but they all made a fine show, and a most effective background for the women--the orchestra playing the Russian Hymn, the chorus singing it, all the house applauding, and all eyes fixed on the Royal box.
He evidently didn't find Pekin a very pleasant or healthy residence, says the cold is something awful.
W. is less blue--he knows the famous General very little, but doesn't think there is much character or backbone there.
We have made a very nice arrangement for our meals.
The windows and balconies of the drawing-rooms give on the drive, and the "Row" is so near that I could easily recognise horses and riders.
My next letter will be from Petersburg.