[Illustration: SIR WALTER SCOTT
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.
110.
Ivanhoe, who was wounded in the tournament, was cared for by Isaac of York and his daughter, Rebecca.
[Illustration: A GLIMPSE OF ABBOTSFORD]
At Dryburgh Abbey, Scotland] SUPPLEMENTARY READING LIFE OF SIR WALTER SCOTT
[Illustration: MEG MERRILIES DIRECTS BERTRAM TO THE CAVE--"GUY
The Mentor Association will supply to its members supplementary reading courses dealing with any or all of the subjects in The Mentor Courses.
This lad later proved to be his long lost son.
Mountains and wild landscapes generally, which had been shunned for generations, were coming into fashion, so to speak.
Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
THE MENTOR WALTER SCOTT By HAMILTON W. MABIE
_
1.F.3.
Great American Inventors
LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3,
Hosts of Americans have climbed Arthur's Seat and picked bluebells and looked down on one of the most picturesque cities in Europe.
Scott was equally ignorant of business methods; he was a man of generous nature and lavish tastes, and between the recklessness of his partners, for which he was largely responsible, and his lavish use of money, he was soon in financial difficulties and a crash would have come early if the phenomenal popularity of the novels had not postponed the evil day.
He was not simply an intellectual power, he was also a human and gentle comforter.
The author of "Don Quixote," he said later, "first inspired him with the ambition to excel in fiction."
His love had a very deep influence on his character, and it remained to the end the great passion of his life.
Edinburgh and the Highlands Edinburgh was an illustrated edition of a great deal of Scotch history, and Scott left no part of the old town unvisited.
Fathers of the Constitution 76.
Many small donations ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt status with the IRS.
But as she possessed excellent sense, she gave the romance of the scene and other accidental circumstance full weight in appreciating the feelings with which Waverley seemed obviously to be impressed; and unacquainted with the fanciful and susceptible peculiarities of his character, considered his homage as the passing tribute which a woman of even inferior charms might have expected in such a situation.
He had fought hard for his rights in the courts, but in vain, and at length he died breathing curses on Sir William Ashton, who became owner of the estates.
Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.