In the fifth century, the Angles, in conjunction with the Saxons, migrated into Britain, and perpetuated their name by giving appellation to England.
the remaining number consists solely of the cowardly and spiritless; whom you see at length within your reach, not because they have stood their ground, but because they are overtaken.
They were first settled between the Elbe, the Sala, and Bohemia; where now are Anhalt, Voightland, Saxony, part of Misnia, and of Franconia.
[141]
[165] Of Upper Germany.
The latter people, in addition to the usual military reputation, are famed for the discipline of their cavalry; nor is the infantry of the Catti in higher estimation than the horse of the Tencteri.
They enter the next house uninvited, and are received with equal cordiality.
[This work is supposed by the commentators to have been written before the treatise on the manners of the Germans, in the third consulship of the emperor Nerva, and the second of Verginius Rufus, in the year of Rome 850, and of the Christian era 97.
32. "
Cerealis frequently entrusted him with part of his army as a trial of his abilities; and from the event sometimes enlarged his command.
For the situation of public affairs which ensued was such as would not permit the name of Agricola to rest in silence: so many armies in Moesia, Dacia, Germany, and Pannonia lost through the temerity or cowardice of their generals; [134] so many men of military character, with numerous cohorts, defeated and taken prisoners; whilst a dubious contest was maintained, not for the boundaries, of the empire, and the banks of the bordering rivers, [135] but for the winter-quarters of the legions, and the possession of our territories.
[41]
By this mark the Suevi are distinguished from the rest of the Germans; and the freemen of the Suevi from the slaves.
[16]
And this is in reality its appearance, exclusive of Caledonia;
and v. [206] By Domitian, as is more particularly mentioned in the Life of Agricola.
In the same quarter of Germany, adjacent to the ocean, dwell the Cimbri;
41.
i. tit.
The military expeditions of the third year [94] discovered new nations to the Romans, and their ravages extended as far as the estuary of the Tay.
His parentage is also a matter of pure conjecture.
The bravest among them wear also an iron ring [171] (a mark of ignominy in that nation) as a kind of chain, till they have released themselves by the slaughter of a foe.
_Duriora corpora_. "Hardier frames;" _i.e._ than the rest of the Germans.
The laurel, the principal messenger of joy and victory among the Romans, is affixed to letters, and to the spears and javelins of the soldiers.
[95]
His books concerning Vineyards are commended by Columella and Pliny.
The Britons, armed with long swords and short targets, [120] with steadiness and dexterity avoided or struck down our missile weapons, and at the same time poured in a torrent of their own.
Athenaeus mentions that he wrote a history of the affairs of Rome in the Greek language.
Gall.
An allusion to the _toga virilis_ of the Romans.
14.
Thus Prasutagus, king of the Iceni in Britain, made Nero co-heir with his two daughters.